You are watching a life-impacting message preached by Bishop Richard Iey.
Bishop Richard Iey is the pastor of the First Love Church London, a denomination founded by Bishop Dag Hewitt Mills.
The First Love Church is full of zealous young people who love and desire to work for the Lord.
You will be encouraged and uplifted as you listen to this powerful message.
Hi everyone, my name is Camelia and thank you so much for tuning in to the First Love UK Watch Night Service.
We are here at the Twickenham Stadium for what promises to be an incredible and life-changing time in the presence of God.
We are entering into the New Year in the best way possible, right here in the house of the Lord and at the best place to be on New Year's Eve.
First Love Church.
Today's service promises to be exciting, exhilarating, dynamic and blessed.
So wherever you are, wherever you're watching from, don't go anywhere.
Stay tuned in live with us and your life will be blessed.
There is so much in store today from the Dancing Stars, the Greater Love Gospel Choir, beautiful administrations, and of course we're here with our very own pastor, Bishop Richard Ayi, who will be leading us
into the new year of 2020.
I certainly cannot wait for this service and I'm sure that you're just as excited as I am.
The service has just kick started and so much is happening.
Everybody is excited.
First lovers are shouting with joy, jumping, dancing.
The atmosphere is charged and we are all very expectant for what God is going to do today.
Just as I am, I want to head on into the service and I'm sure that you do too.
So welcome to First Love Church London.
Are you excited to be here on Watch Night 2019?
How many of you feel energized by the prayer time?
You feel charged?
You've been electrified?
Would you like to sing some songs for 10 minutes?
And praise God for everything that He's done in 2019.
Then for 10 minutes, let's welcome the worship stars!
Oh, you wanna give a round of applause to Jesus!
How many of you are glad that the Lord has saved us?
Amen.
It doesn't sound like you're happy.
I want you to give a louder shout to Jesus.
To the God who has saved you.
Amen.
Oh
in 2019.
Amen.
Let's sing you've been so
Thank you
I feel like I have to keep on reminding you that we're heading into 2020.
Okay, you're back.
So with an even louder shout and a round of applause, I want you to welcome the best choir in the United Kingdom.
I want you to welcome the greater love
to evacuate the stage because it's a mass choir.
Amen.
Does it make sense?
You with me?
You haven't gone to sleep?
You enjoyed the ministrations?
You're ready for more?
Are you sure?
Did you see what I did there?
The rhyme.
You guys didn't appreciate my rhyme.
You appreciated it.
Okay.
I'm encouraged.
Well, it's one of my favorite times of the service because it's testimony time.
Many of you love the testimonies in First Love Church.
Beautiful.
So first up for our first powerful testimony of the evening, I want you to clap your hands and welcome our sister Sharon to share her beautiful testimony.
Wow.
Sister Sharon.
So tell us who you are and where you're from Hi, my name is Sharon and I'm from First Love Bedfordshire I can see Bedfordshire in the house and tell us what is
What is your testimony about?
My testimony is on how God saved me from a car crash.
Wow.
In 2019, he saved you from a car crash.
So tell us, where does it all begin?
About three weeks ago, I was on my way to dinner with two of my members.
So I was in the car.
Her members?
She has members.
Wow.
Okay.
So I was in the car with one of my members going to collect another.
So whilst driving, I pulled out at the end of the road and a car from the right hand side was speeding and hit me from the driver's door.
So once that happened, I fell conscious.
I couldn't remember anything.
All I could remember... You felt unconscious.
Yes.
And... Just checking.
Just checking.
That's to be sure.
OK. And all I could, whilst I was unconscious, all I could remember was Alpi Ida, Jesus, Savior of the World, playing in the background.
So once that happened, I remember waking up and my member at the back of the car screaming because she thought I was dead.
And I wasn't moving at all.
I could remember that my lower half
My legs, I couldn't feel my legs, I couldn't feel my toes, so I thought I was paralyzed.
So what my member did, she called the ambulance.
And about 10 minutes later, the ambulance, the fire brigade, and the police came.
And because of all the commotion, I was, I was very, I've never been so afraid in my life.
I literally thought this was it.
I can't feel my legs, that's it.
So when the ambulance came, the paramedics said that they had to
dismantle the whole car, so remove the roof, remove the doors to get me out, because I couldn't move at all.
I was paralyzed.
So as they was doing that, there was a thought that came into my head and said, play prophetic, 24 hours of prophetic prayers.
Make sure you play that.
So I spoke to the paramedics and told them, please play this prayer for me.
I need this prayer playing.
It's a tongue twister.
Played the prayer.
And the prayer was prophetic.
So you see, so the paramedics played the prophetic prayer in the background.
Oh wow.
So as the prayer was playing, eventually they removed me out of the car by the grace of God.
And in the ambulance, I remember that the prayer was still playing.
And I was just evangelizing to the paramedics.
I was awesome.
Wow.
So you were preaching to them as they were removing you from the cast.
And then when you got to the hospital, what happened?
So when we got to the hospital, they had to do a few exams to check for broken bones and to check whether my spine was okay.
So they did an X-ray in a CT scan.
And after a few hours, my test results came back clear.
No broken bones, no fractures.
Wow.
I thought you'd actually be on your feet.
She thought that she was paralyzed.
But all of your exams were clear.
All clear.
And you can see that you're walking, isn't it?
Hey!
She's even worn heels.
Wow.
So how would you encourage everybody that's had this powerful testimony?
I'd like to encourage everyone.
I remember a few hours before that.
I went out to eat with my pastor and a few friends.
And I remember my pastor, Pastor Tommy.
I remember.
And I remember, we went out to eat and he prayed for me and he laid his hands on my car and he said, this car has bought you this far, no harm will come to you.
So I believe that the prayer that he prayed and prophets prayers and God first of all has bought me this far.
So I'd like to encourage you guys, listen to the prayers because you never know when you'll need it.
Wow, clap for our sister Sharon for such a powerful testimony.
Would you like more testimonies?
I don't believe you.
If you'd like more testimonies, then clap your hands and welcome our brother Joseph to share another beautiful testimony with us.
Our brother Joseph.
Let me tell you why there's a remake.
So many people have tried to come to this event this evening that there are actually people standing outside.
Masses of them and our brother Joseph is one of them.
So, luckily enough, I have another powerful testimony from you.
Joseph's is loading but let's welcome our sister Adessa to share her testimony.
Lisa, tell us who you are and where you're from.
Hi, I'm Hadassah and I'm part of the worship stars.
Sorry.
The worship stars are screaming for their system.
So in case you didn't hear, this is Hadassah.
She's from London and she's in the worship stars.
Beautiful.
And what's your testimony about?
My testimony is about how the faithfulness of God, the faithfulness of God,
saw me through a series of victories this year.
Wow, the faithfulness of God.
Beautiful.
So tell us where it all begins.
It started at the beginning of this year.
So it was my final year and it was going well by the grace of God.
I was doing well.
And then towards the end of February, my mum was diagnosed with invasive breast cancer and cancer of the lymph nodes.
And when she got diagnosed, it was like everything just
Shattered like I didn't even know what to do because me and my mom at the time and when you get diagnosed things tend to Continue very quickly, so then we'll go into appointments then she was She had surgery shed a multiple Some surgeries done and then she'd go back for appointments and then tests and each time they keep finding that okay There's more it's been traveling to your arm.
It's here go back for a surgery and when that was happening I was still in my final year and I had
coursework coming up, deadlines, exams, and I was like, I'm actually not gonna finish this year.
And my cheater did say that I either apply for extenuating circumstances or defer the year.
And I said like, nah, it's not happening, it can't happen.
So I told my pastor, Alvi Sella, and I also told Bishop that- That's Bishop Richard.
Bishop Richard, yes.
Okay.
Wow.
I told them that my mom had been diagnosed and two things that came back was that God is gracious and have faith.
And I took those and I kept praying to God that I've been faithful to you.
I'm always come to church.
I'm serving you.
Please be faithful in this time of need.
And he was by the grace.
So towards the end of my year, I finished.
I did all my deadlines.
I did all my assignments, finished my exams.
And by the grace of God, I graduated with a first class degree.
with a first class degree.
A fun statistical fact for you is that only 11% of this country obtain a first class degree.
And she did it in the midst of her mother's sickness even though you thought you weren't going to pass and they told you to defer.
Isn't God a good God?
Okay.
And on top of that, we went back for one of my mom's final surgeries, and they told her, oh, we've managed to clear everything out.
The cancer cells, everything is gone.
What you need to do now is go for chemo as a proportion.
So by the grace of God, she has no more cancer, and she's just going to chemo as a proportion.
I think you should shout for Jesus.
Wow.
So what would be your final words of encouragement for everybody that's heard your testimony?
I just want to encourage everybody that
Last year's Watch Night, Bishop said that whatsoever is born of God, overcomes the world.
And I believe that as we're here, and this year is our series of victories, but we can also take it into our next year that we are still victorious and you'll overcome as you serve God.
Amen!
Clap for Adasa!
Do you love the testimonies?
Beautiful.
Well, we're about to take off to
the best part of this gathering this evening.
But before then, I've got a special group for you.
I think you'll all be very excited.
I know that some of you on Sundays, you actually wait for the videos of this group to be released so that you can see what they've done.
And they're called the Pulpit Stars.
17.
Yes sir.
They shall hunger no more, neither shall they thirst any more.
Preach preacher, for God shall wipe away.
Yes sir.
Every tear from their eyes.
Get ready for the revolution.
excited.
I believe that we're in for a treat tonight.
I believe that you're in the best place you could possibly be on the 31st of December, two thousand and nineteen.
And I know that God has something very special in store for each and every one of us.
Mark chapter two verse two.
NIV.
And it says, so many gathered that there was no room left.
Not even outside.
I can't see the rest of the verse, but the final verse said, the final phrase sentence is, and he preached to them.
And I believe that this evening we're about to be preached to.
And we're about to be preached to the Word of God concerning our lives.
for 2020.
The Bible says that the grass withereth, the flower fadeeth, but the word of God stands forever.
I believe that the word we're about to receive will keep us for the entire 2020 and your life and my life will never be the same.
So if you're as excited as I am, I want you to jump up to your feet and welcome with a shout in the scream Bishop
If you expect a miracle, lift your hands to Jesus.
Father, thank you for this great blessing and great honor, privilege to be in your house, to be gathered in your house on the last day of the year of 2019, Lord.
Thank you for this opportunity, Lord, to hear your word, to share your word, to preach your word, to teach your word, Lord, to work for you and to serve you, Lord.
What a great honor, what a great blessing, what a great privilege
the greatest privilege of all Lord.
Thank you for this blessed opportunity Lord.
Let your will be done amongst us today.
Let your kingdom come.
Let your power prevail.
Let Satan's power be broken and be shattered Lord.
Thank you father for salvation, for healing, for miracles and thank you father for
Let your word like an arrow enter the hearts of your people.
Let it pierce the souls, Lord, into the spirits of the people that shall hear it, Lord.
Give us understanding.
Grant us understanding.
Grant us the interpretation of that which seems to be a dark saying, Lord.
Let there be light, Lord.
Let there be understanding and let there be wisdom.
Thank you heavenly father for this great privilege and great honor of hearing your word today.
I give you thanks and I give you praise.
Now lift up your two hands and just thank God for thirty first night.
Thank him for it.
Thank him that you are alive and you have faith and you are here to hear his word.
Thank him.
Lift up your two hands and thank him.
Just say thank you Lord.
another 31st night.
Maybe it's your first in church, maybe it's your second, maybe it's your third.
But thank him, whatever it is, thank him.
Just say thank you, Lord, thank you, thank you, thank you for tonight.
Thank you for tonight.
Thank you for your blessing.
And thank you for this great honor to be in church.
We thank you.
We thank you for the first night.
We thank you, Lord, 2019.
December 31st, Lord.
Here we are again.
Singing your praises.
Thank you for faith.
Thank you for hope.
Thank you for life.
Thank you for strength.
Thank you for your blessing, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
We say thank you.
In Jesus' name, we pray.
And everybody shall say amen.
Amen.
Oh, say a better amen.
Give the Lord a mighty hand clap as you find your seats.
God bless you, you may be seated.
Welcome to our 2019 Watch Night Service.
We are gonna hear the word of God briefly.
Those of you standing, if you feel like sitting,
on the floor, on the carpet, I don't mind having you in the front here.
You can come and sit down on the front here, in the front, on the carpet, I don't mind at all.
Okay, so come, just drop yourself, drop yourself there.
Why are you coming closer?
You like to come close, okay.
Yeah, just drop yourself.
Just drop yourself.
Anywhere they squeeze, drop yourself there.
Just give me a little room where I can take at least five steps.
Okay, so just don't cross this line.
And each of that's your barrier.
Okay.
So briefly, you want to hear the word of God, isn't it?
It's time to hear the word of God.
This is the year of the Great Commission.
So that's our theme for 2020.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank God that you applaud the theme, but sit down and hear the word of God.
Because I believe that
It's a very important prophetic theme that we have the year of the great commission, you know, as Sela was singing, especially when she was singing about candle in the dark.
Yes, my mind was going on to all the different messages we have had that God has sent our way.
You know, any time, any time you hear an instruction or you hear a message, one of the things I want to say to you is that be happy, get excited about it.
But remember two things.
One is that that message or instruction that you are hearing is either going to lead you into a blessing if you will obey.
or it's also going to really affect your life in an unfortunate way if you disobey.
So when I hear, when I hear, when I hear...
When I hear songs like Candle in the Dark, Ready at 20,
Am I good for nothing?
You know, it reminds me of how God sent His prophet to us to say some things to us.
And I just start questioning myself that have we obeyed?
Did we obey?
Or are we still haggling with God?
Or have we become one of those people
who cheer on the things of God, as if we've seen a celebrity.
You understand?
You just cheer it on, it's like, it's just, it's almost like it's just, you just shouting.
But nothing, nothing, nothing is really done.
Especially, especially those of us who believe that we have a calling.
You know, you know, one of the things you should also know, one of the things, should I try again?
One of the things you should also know is that
I'm clearing.
One of the things you should also know is that we all know the same.
Especially in a large crowd, there are different vessels.
There are different types of people.
So if you compare yourself to somebody else, you could easily make a grave mistake.
because the person you're comparing yourself to may not necessarily have the calling or even the understanding or even the feeling.
You see what I'm saying?
The year of the Great Commission, many themes for the year is not like this.
I don't want to make references to themes, to sound as though I'm ridiculing something that somebody is saying, but tomorrow you can go on Instagram.
on your way home or Facebook or wherever and see.
And see for yourself.
You see, if we help you understand it, the church that you are in.
The church, as much as we are happy, jumping, shouting, we are very serious.
You are in a very, very, very, very serious church.
And yes, it's a good place to clap because
Because it also means that, it also means that you're in a very blessed place.
You're in a very blessed place where you are being pointed in the right direction.
The year of the Great Commission.
That's 2020.
It is the year of the Great Commission.
I mean, if all of us here will obey this, I tell you.
I tell you.
What a beautiful church it would be.
What a nice place it would be.
There will be, there will be nothing that will be lacking in your life if we really believe this.
So you see that, that's what I'm saying to you that it reminds me of instructions.
I don't know whether I should be happy.
I should be sad.
I don't even know what feeling I should have.
Because it just reminds me of things that it's like you've been told to fast.
I don't know why you've told someone to do something.
The person hasn't done before.
Maybe you are too young to have told someone to do something.
After people things to do before and then, you know, some did the opposite.
And some didn't do anything at all.
Yeah.
So, to hear the year of the Great Commission, it's my prayer.
It's my prayer that God will give us hearts of obedience and hearts of action that we will do.
We are going to do.
We shall do.
We will be a church, a church.
You see what I'm saying?
First love.
First love church should be known as dancers.
You see, as you are dancing, you are saving souls.
Yes.
As you are dancing, you are carving a way for yourself to fulfill the great commission.
As you are singing, you should just be known as a singer.
If I once people meet you and they say that, oh, we saw you, we saw you singing, we saw you dancing, you say, oh yeah, I'm a singer, I'm a dancer, but I am more into fulfilling the great commission.
The thing that you saw me doing, it's like exciting, it's like exciting.
The main thing that I am into is fulfilling the great commission.
The great commission.
Otherwise, we will make ourselves into
Puppets.
Good for comic relief.
Yes.
Maybe if you listen to that message again, am I good for nothing?
And you see, every, hear me well, hear me well.
Smile, clap, laugh, but please hear me well.
Every church does not hear.
I don't know any church in the UK.
that has heard a message like, am I good for nothing?
Or has heard a message like candle in the dark.
I don't know.
If you know one, you can tell me after church.
You'll tell me after church that, hey, bishop looks like you don't know churches in the system, but they are churches.
Yes.
If you can come up with one.
Or if you can come up, you can come up with one where on one Sunday,
A message was preached ready at 20.
So that's not even a full church.
It's one out of 52.
To help you understand where you are, and what you are hearing, and where you are being pointed.
It's like, because it's like someone is pointing this way.
You say, this person, it's my prophet.
It's my leader.
His finger is like this.
This way, go this way.
And then you are, we are all walking past him and going this way.
And as we are going this way, we are shouting, prophets.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
You say, yeah, that's our man.
But he still stands there saying this.
Go this way.
Everybody is facing this way.
If some are even going this way.
But everybody is cheerful and excited.
And saying, yeah, that's a man.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
It's not a thing, a joke.
That's why, perhaps, take the Bibles to Mark chapter 11.
Let me show you something.
It's the first night, but you need to see these things.
And let nobody here think that you're here by mistake or by chance.
Yeah.
I don't think you cast lots in your house today before you left that.
Who goes to church today?
If on Mark 11, okay, in Mark chapter 11 and verse 12, the Bible says that, and on the moral, when they were come from Bethany, he was hungry.
That is Jesus.
and seen a fig tree afar of having leaves.
He came, if happily he might find any thing thereon.
And when he came to it, he found nothing but leaves.
For the time of fakes was not yet.
But yet the thing had a presentation, as though its time had come.
And Jesus answered and said unto it, no man eat fruit of thee hereafter forever.
They say, it's like something that you expect and you hope will give you some fruits.
And the thing never gives you fruit.
Daphne, Daphne.
The scripture, there's another scripture in Hebrews, which says that it is nigh unto a kiss.
That means that your neighbor is a kiss.
your neighbor.
After you've received someone that's been poured into you, you have to give some fruit and you're not giving the fruits.
You just look at the tree and say, no, nobody should eat from you again because it's like you're a waste of time.
You're a waste of time.
Every day you are here in this, you are clapping, you are jumping and say, everybody, you want to do.
You won't do what you don't want to do.
And you don't care to do.
And it's like you've been chosen to hear such things.
It's like you are privileged to even hear such things.
It's a great privilege.
And instead of responding in the way you are rather, you rather play games or think that destiny is not a serious thing.
And you see, you can't say, you can't say you like,
No, start from verse seven, Hebrew six verse seven, start from verse seven.
Are you there?
It says that for the earth that drinketh in the rain that cometh oft upon it.
That means that it receives a rain often.
And bringeth forth herpes, meet for them by whom it is dressed, receiveeth blessing from God.
That is the rain is coming that you produce herbs.
Do you know herbs?
Spices, spices for cooking.
What are the names of the spices that you use for cooking?
Slowly, slowly.
Number one, what?
Time.
Two.
Rosemary.
What?
Basil.
Paprika.
Give me another one.
What?
Coriander.
Oregano.
Mint.
Deal.
Parsley.
What?
Do you people cook?
We can tell the cooks from the carpenter's.
So he's saying that when you bring forth these herbs, which is good or meat or suitable, useful, relevant, for them by whom it is dressed, they receive blessings, blessings, blessings.
It will be a blessing and very satisfying to God
and to bishop if he hears that troops, troops are leaving the UK and to go and fulfill the great commission.
It will be such, it will be such.
I mean, heart warming, heart warming, heart warming.
The people who are fed, ready at 20, candle in the dark.
Am I good for nothing?
I have risen up and now they are hearing the year of the great commission.
If they start producing herbs, that is meat, that is good, suitable.
Receive blessings.
Then verse eight says that, but that which barathons and briars is rejected.
It's like you're producing something different.
Oh, you're not producing anything at all.
It's like you're at disappointment.
The scripture is saying that those people are nigh unto Kesson.
Close to a Kess.
You shall escape every Kess.
By obedience.
By fulfilling what you are hearing.
And living what you are hearing.
And not turning it into just a slogan.
not just making it into just something that you say for happiness, but becoming obedient.
I hope you understand what I'm saying.
Now, who is the person who obeys?
Who is the person who will obey?
And who will do?
Who will be attractive to God?
Look at it.
Why are you looking there?
Look into your Bibles.
Look at John chapter 14.
John chapter 14.
Wow.
You know all the things.
But you will be fruitful.
I believe it's all my heart that you'll be fruitful.
I believe that you will do well.
You have to learn, you have to learn a master how to run your race.
I mean, you are in school or you've been to school.
Sometimes someone is your friend, maybe even your best friend.
You see, your best friend or best friends are usually not
of equal levels of intelligence.
Have you noticed that?
Is he also?
Yes.
Sometimes you see that the person that is closest to you, it's a little, you know, whilst you are passing, the person is not passing.
Because your attraction to the person or the reason why you are able to get along so well is not because of the course you are studying.
It's other things.
You have other interests.
You both like nails.
Or your mothers are friends.
is other things that have brought you together.
So you will see that in the church, other things have brought you together.
But it doesn't mean that you share the same conviction or you have the same calling.
So when you start comparing yourself with people who are not serious because you eat Nandos with them,
or you eat perfect chicken with them.
You're making a mistake because my friend is not doing this.
So I'm also not doing it or because my friend is doing this.
So I'm also going to you're making a huge mistake, a huge mistake.
You're making a huge mistake.
Are you there?
Did you find John chapter 14 verse 21?
He said that.
He that hath my commandments and keepeth them.
He attests that loveeth me.
How many of you here love God?
No, forget about this verse.
Forget about this verse.
How many of you here love God?
How many of you here have met someone who said they love you but you know they don't love you?
How many of you have had that experience before?
No.
Brothers, put your hands up.
Sisters, let me ask you, let me ask.
Let me ask the sisters.
They are the ones who understand this better.
Look, sisters.
Sisters, are you here?
If you are here, give me a wave, sisters.
Okay.
Sisters, I'm asking you, how many of you have experienced?
Wait, let me ask my question.
You've experienced someone, a certain brother.
Who said to you, I love you.
I love you.
I love him.
But you realize that what he's saying, he doesn't understand it.
If you know somebody like that, give me a wave.
He doesn't understand what he's saying, isn't it?
ask you to.
How many of you here love God?
Forget about this verse, how many of you love God?
You all love God?
Can you not imagine that by now in heaven the angels are shouting like how the ladies were shouting.
that no at all.
This is what they don't at all.
It's because it's like, just as you explained it, you explained, you are explaining about the guy who said he doesn't know what love is.
When you will finish reading this verse, you also discover that we say we love God, but we don't even know what it means to love God.
Maybe you think you love him in your own words, in your own way, in your own language, in your own mannerisms, in your own thing, but he's also one place.
It's this love.
It's not love.
I don't need the things you are offering.
This is not love.
One day I travel to a certain country.
And there, you don't even know where, is it?
But at least.
Because I don't want to mention where it is.
A certain man in that country said to me that.
On Saturday, I'm inviting you to my house.
My wife will make a special meal.
The meal, it starts with two names.
It starts with the letter O, the first one O, and the second one T. And then, and then, are you listening to me?
Are you listening to what you're talking?
And then he added, she's very, very, very good.
It's like it's her specialty.
And I was standing there politely.
And then he said to me, this other pastor, he pointed to another pastor, really likes it.
It's almost like it's a reference.
So if you can check, it's like, look.
It's like, if you know what I'm talking about, you'd be salivating by now.
And I was standing there and I was saying, how do I get out of this?
I mean, how do I get out of this problem?
Because this is a problem.
How do I get out?
And the fact that someone else likes it does not mean that I like it.
And I was picturing, I was picturing the poor woman making the food.
Because that food is made with bare hands.
They don't wear gloves.
And I was picturing her making it.
where she has scratched before she's touched the food.
Look, I was having all sorts of ideas.
Where she attached, what type, what time of the season it is.
What is under her fingernails?
I was saying to myself that this thing will never, will never enter my mouth.
It won't.
Even if it climbs, it will go in.
But you see, the person was also offering his best.
And yet the person he's offering his best to actually despises that particular thing and finds it disgusting.
I mean, it is, it is disgusting.
When I just imagine how it is made.
And the hands.
Poor.
Goodness gracious.
Sit down.
Yeah.
But he was saying his wife.
He kept talking, he kept praising his wife.
The more he praised her, the more I entered into her state.
I wanted to say stop.
Stop.
I don't even know how I got out of it,
I mean, definitely you can imagine, you can know, you know that I didn't go.
Yes, I'm sure the other pastor went again.
You see, it feed me and me a man.
I have what I like and what I don't like.
And not just don't like, what I can't imagine, I can't imagine it getting into my mouth for me to swallow.
I can't even picture it, how it will climb in.
You just have to climb in.
Like a caterpillar climbing a wall.
Well, in the nursery, we had a song we used to sing.
Hello, Mr. Caterpillar.
Where are you going?
Climbing and climbing.
Hold on.
If that foot climbs, it starts from my foot and climbs.
Hello, Mr. OT, where are you going?
So you see, as we are there, we have things within us what God you like.
So now let's read his word.
Is this where we started from verse 21?
He that hath my commandments,
and keepeth them.
He, it is, that loveth me.
And he that loveth me shall be loved of my father and I will love him and will manifest myself to him.
Can you see all these things that we desire?
How many of you would like God to love you?
And how many of you would like to see the manifestation, manifestation of the power of Jesus in your life?
But he's saying that it comes to those who love God.
And it's not just who loves God.
If you say yes, I love God.
But it is who loves his commandments.
The things he has said.
The things he has said do.
Or not even he has said, the things he has said, this is what I like.
He said, this is what I like.
This is what I like.
Would it not have been even nice if that friend of mine has even asked me that what do you like?
Dearest.
I mean, he doesn't have to.
He doesn't have to.
But would have been easier.
That made his work easier for him.
That
Would that be easier than Mr. Otie?
Yeah, I'll just say it's a toast.
You are afraid, sir.
Because sometimes you see that the commandments are very clear.
But it's like, no, God, God.
I'm going to sing a beautiful song for you.
As if, it's as if God is into beautiful voices.
God, God, I'm really, God, I'm really going to dance for you.
Have you seen?
Can you turn that thing off?
Turn it off.
Whatever is speaking, turn that thing off.
Have you seen the guys who came to dance here?
You people were shouting.
Yeah.
There are four of them, isn't it?
Four.
Yes.
Not more than.
Not more than two weeks ago.
I was in my house and I felt something.
And I gave an instruction about them to somebody.
That make sure, make sure these four boys, make sure they become, they become one, two, three.
And I said, make sure they become this.
Make sure these four people.
Because I have no interest in them just dancing forever and ever.
Are they going to dance till they are 80?
I mean, can you imagine 81 year olds coming?
I mean...
God sayeth unto him, not is carried.
Lord, how is it that thou would manifest thyself unto us and not unto the world?
Jesus answered and said unto him, if a man love me, if a man love me, he will keep my words.
And my father will love him and will come unto him and make our abode with him.
He that loveth me not, keepeth not my sayings.
And the word which you hear is don't mind by the fathers which sent me.
If a man loves me, he will keep my words.
If a man laughs me, he will keep my words.
Oh, if a girl says shouting, you know why you are shouting?
You are shouting only because you also have things that you call love.
Yeah, that's why you are shouting that he doesn't love you at all.
Who told you he doesn't love you?
Do you have your own standards?
What you call love?
That's why you are shouting.
One lady came to sit in front of me, crying that her husband doesn't like it.
But then I asked, and I asked, quiet, quiet.
If I saw I can preach now.
I was asking, why?
Why?
Why you say he doesn't?
Because, and then she said, she said, because I've just done a new hairstyle.
I said quiet, otherwise I'll stop preaching.
I mean, I won't stop that.
She said,
This was Sunday afternoon after church.
Not in first love.
It's about 18 years ago.
Yes.
He said, I've done this new hairstyle.
And he's not said a word.
And since I came to church, all my friends, everybody is saying that this.
So the conclusions are he doesn't like me.
Because he's not even noticed.
I said, he's not noticed.
I said, no problem.
I called somebody, I said, call me Mr.
This Woman.
Mr.
He was inside the chat busy doing something.
I remember what he was doing.
Here, I remember he dropped it after he came in.
I said, we'll sit down.
I asked him, do you like your wife?
He said, oh yes.
Yes.
He said, Reverend, yes.
I said, do you read?
Are you sure you read?
By this time, he was getting confused.
I said, are you sure you really love her?
I said, oh, yes.
I said, Rev.
Rev.
I mean, she's the best.
She's my queen.
She's my princess.
She's the oil in my engine.
So I said, Mr. Man, Mr. Man, tell me three reasons why you really love it.
All of a sudden you're sitting there with red eyes, picking tears because of your hair.
Tell me three things why you like this beautiful girl.
Then he started.
Since I met her, she's been like this.
Till date, she hasn't changed.
Number two, she had this quality.
Then number three, which is his best of all, she's like, you want me to say the things later?
No, no, no, there's no time.
I don't have time.
Look.
He mentioned three strong things that look, it's, you see, as he was even talking, it's like that my friend talking about Oti.
It was like something that he really, I mean, he really likes.
But none of them was here.
So I said, you see, in other words, even if she was bald, he would like.
He would like if she was bald, he would like.
He wouldn't mind at all.
So when he finished, I said, darling, it seems you still have your husband.
But you have created a new stand, a new thing.
A new thing that this is what love is.
If only he can like my hair.
Look, sisters, do you know that your hair that you do, you do it for your fellow sisters?
Oh yeah.
Most guys don't notice her.
They don't even care about her.
I mean, that doesn't mean that you should leave your hair like whatever, but I'm telling you, I'm telling you that it's a lady.
who would describe another lady by the hair she's wearing.
A guy would describe a lady by something else.
Or you don't think so.
your hair for your fellow sisters, not to gossip about you.
I have many examples but I can't share all.
A lot of things are coming to my mind.
But you see, I'm this evening by all these stories I'm telling you, appealing to you that if you love God, God is saying that if a man loves me, he will keep my words.
He will keep my commandments.
He will do what I want.
If a man loves me, he will do what I want.
Sister, you think you are the only ones who feel love?
Guys also feel love.
Yes.
If you love him, you do what he wants.
Is that not the word of the police?
The what?
Protocol.
The protocol of the police.
To do what I like.
last Saturday I asked myself, what are you singing tomorrow?
I said, what are you singing tomorrow?
Do you want to know her response?
Should I tell you her response?
She responded and said, what would leave, is it what will you like or what would you like?
What would you like?
I was sitting in the chair, I stood up and I started spinning.
I said, man.
I started, I even forgot, look, I remember that I've not told her what I would like to Sunday morning.
I just started telling her, I just started texting, what a girl.
What would I like?
I said, are you serious?
What an answer.
What a response.
What will you like?
What would you like?
Yes.
I mean, can you get a better response than this?
In other words, I will only do what you like.
What you like is what I will do.
So if later someone comes to tell me that I didn't tell her her hair was nice or her dress or something, I'll say, look, I don't care.
You can come and sing in swimsuit.
Just do what I like.
Just do what I like and what I say.
That is what is important.
I don't care.
This is, I don't care.
You can put your face in the dust that you people have.
Plug your face in and lift it up.
That you care.
Sit down.
I don't, I don't care.
What would you like?
In other, it's like, what will you like me to sing?
What will make you happy?
When you are working with God, dealing with God, always ask yourself, what does God like?
What does God like?
What does God want?
What does he want?
What does he want from me?
What will he like me to do?
You'll be surprised you may not even have a prayer
If a man love me, he will keep my words.
That doesn't need interpretation.
The keepers of God's words and God's commandments are the lovers of God.
Not those who lift up their hands and say we love God.
The keepers of his words.
Not those who dance in church.
Not those who sing in church.
There are not even those who preach in church.
Those who keep his words.
those who keep, because there are people, there are people who are preaching, but they are perhaps not preaching what God likes.
They are not saying what God likes.
They are under all sorts of pressures to please people, to make people happy, to make people clap for them.
to say what people want to hear.
Let's have an exercise now and ask people that, what would you like me to preach about?
You'd be surprised at the topics that will come up.
You'd be shocked at what people want.
Will I have to ask you people to turn your phones off?
So now, 2020 is a year of the Great Commission.
Here in Matthew chapter 28, it's the Lord's commandment, His last words, His last words, His last instructions that He gave.
The last instructions are usually the most important instruction.
his last words.
This is what is important to him.
He said what?
Verse 17.
And when they saw him, they worshiped him, but some doubted.
And Jesus came and spoke unto them saying, all power is given unto me in heaven and in earth.
Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father.
and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.
Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you and lo, I am with you always even unto the end.
These are the last words of Jesus.
And do you know the interesting thing about the last words of Jesus?
Matthew preached it.
Mark preached it.
Luke
the same.
Acts the same.
The book of Acts, you see the conclusion at the end of it, the same.
I'm giving you examples of lovers of God.
Lovers of God.
This is what they stuck to for all their life.
This is what they stuck to.
This is what they stayed with.
Not something that they did for a while and then, you know, says like, I'm taking a break.
Timothy.
you'll see his conclusion.
His the conclusion, the conclusion of Timothy's words is the great commission.
Jude saying, James the same, Peter the same, and even in the book of Revelation saying the great commission, the great commission, the great commission.
For 10 minutes of your time, let's look at
How Matthew presented it to us?
So the first thing that Matthew brought to our attention in the Great Commission, what is it?
He said, go in there and teach all nations.
Is that what he says?
Baptizing them the name of the Father.
He said, all power is given unto me in heaven and in earth.
The first thing is that the Great Commission is a commission of power, of power.
When you stop preaching the gospel, salvation, you receive power.
You gain, you gain, you gain a ministry
of power.
Power comes into your life.
Power is seen in the administration in your church.
The power, the power of God is seen.
You start walking, you say it's not, it's not, it's not an easy thing.
It's not an easy thing to get someone converted for somebody to be converted.
It's easier to get somebody a job.
Anybody can get someone a job.
But to get someone saved.
Saved.
You see, that's the little difference between church work preaching the gospel, the great commission.
and all other types of charitable activities.
Little difference, but yet a big difference.
To get somebody, to get somebody, to get somebody converted that I'm no more a sinner.
I am saved.
I've stopped all of these things.
I don't do this anymore.
I don't do that anymore.
Without, without, without being taken to a rehab, a rehab center.
that you go to church or you meet somebody and the person leads you to Christ and you give your life because afterwards everything has disappeared in your life.
Everything has stopped.
That's the power of God.
That's the power of God that perhaps is most despised.
Many people see they don't think it's a power.
You see people rather?
even thanking God, thanking God that their children are saved.
They'd rather say that the church is a cult.
Yeah, they'd rather give all sorts of descriptions.
Don't say, I'm going to that church with you.
To go and see what you people are being taught there.
Meanwhile, this is your child, I said, I'm going to that church with you.
Why didn't you go to the club with her?
Sit down.
Sit.
If you want to feel powerful, then follow the commission of power, which is the great commission.
The commission of power.
That's where power is.
That's where you see power.
That's where you see life's changing.
Life's translating.
People, people changing and people loving God and coming to God.
And you, you can't even explain why.
You can't even explain it.
But it is the power of God.
It is the power of God.
The scripture says that the kingdom of God is not in meat and drink.
It is in power.
When you see, when you see a church, when you see young people like this, loving God on 31st night, 31st night, all of you could have been in clubs by now, isn't it?
Hopping and jumping and sweating.
Yes.
You can't even hear the song that is playing.
You can only hear one drum.
You don't even know what is playing.
Isn't that true?
You can't hear everything.
You just hear the sound.
You hear all you see all sorts of people dance, some of you are dancing, some of you are dead.
It's like when the music is going this way, they are moving that way.
But this is the power of God.
And God today is translating you into a commissioner of power.
beautiful it would be if you also gather souls.
Ten souls to Jesus.
How beautiful it would be.
Number two.
The second thing that Matthew taught us about the great commission is that it is the great commission is a commission
To go.
Going means don't stay.
Don't stay.
Your face shouldn't be seen.
After we've seen your face on the front row for a while, we don't want to see your face again.
Because you are causing traffic.
I heard Bishop this afternoon saying that those in England must go.
Those in the US must go.
Those in Ghana must go.
You have to go.
Are you looking at me and reading?
How many of you still love God?
The nuns are getting fewer.
Perhaps you haven't understood the church that you are in.
But maybe this evening understanding is coming.
it's a commission to go.
To go.
To go to other nations.
Go to other islands.
Go to other places.
To do what?
To get nice jobs.
To preach the gospel.
Yeah.
I heard Bishop saying this afternoon as he was preaching.
He said, he said, if I get
country somewhere and the person can save 12 souls, 12 to him.
The person has succeeded.
Twelve.
Now you gotta get one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve.
How many people did Jesus leave?
Is it not twelve?
Yes.
12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12
I've never been afraid of people leaving me.
I've been here.
I've seen different people.
I'm not afraid at all of people leaving me.
If you go, the church won't small.
You have told yourself that if you go, something will small.
I have never told you that.
I'm actually waiting for a chance to transfer you.
You have made yourself special, but you are not that special.
I think you understand.
I mean, why would you ever think that if you leave, there will be a problem?
Esme sitting here was in Northampton.
Esme.
Can we see you?
She was in Northampton.
Yes, you got, yeah.
Yes.
Just in Northampton.
Champion in the coaster.
But why is she today?
The way you go to Northampton, she doesn't exist.
Doesn't exist there, but there's still a church there.
The other ones who are shout, those who haven't gone are the ones shouting.
Yes.
Look.
Look, you see, the point I'm making is that if her absence, if her absence in the UK had destroyed first love Northampton, there'll be nobody to clap and to cheer on, as I call their name.
But you see that it has virtually made no difference.
Rather, rather, we have more churches there.
After she had left, we have more churches there and more pastors.
So there is no harm
in going.
Don't deceive yourself and tell yourself, Liza, I can't go.
I shouldn't be going.
Rather, you should go.
And when you go, don't come back.
Yes.
Maybe you've come to give birth, or you've come to visit your mother or something.
These are one of the reasons why you could be passing by to spend your Christmas.
The commission is to go.
It's not to stay.
It's to go.
People who went hasn't destroyed the church.
your going won't destroy the church.
It won't destroy anything.
Rather your staying, your staying is becoming a negative sign to new people.
Yes.
So this is a going church.
We believe in going.
We believe in sending.
We believe in moving and pushing.
We are pushing you out.
Go and preach the gospel.
Go.
Go, go, go, go, go.
Yes.
Go.
It's not going to change anything.
By the time you are graduating issue, you should even know where you are going.
Don't tell us that God has called you so you don't want to finish unity.
No, no, no, no.
We also don't like that.
We don't like those spooky things.
I had a dream.
God said now.
I will beg you.
We beg you.
Now you are, you are, you are bordering on a certain type of illness.
Sit down.
It's a goal.
May God speak to you today to go and give you the grace and the strength to go.
Because if you don't go, you'll feel uncomfortable.
But we're preaching like this before you came.
This is how we preach.
This is what we talk about.
If you love God, you go.
How many of you said you love God?
Why are those who said they love God?
You love God, you go.
You go.
You will not be looking for a beloved.
Beloved is not loving God.
That's not the evidence that you love God.
That's why as much as we are happy for people to get beloved, we celebrate whether we are happy for people to get married and all those.
But you know, our main thing is the commission to go.
Marry her and take care with you.
Yes, take care with you.
Yeah.
As you are telling her you like her, you have to add, you have to add to your CV.
That by the way,
by the way, by the way, I am on my way out.
If you are interested, say yes.
If you are not interested, say no.
Yes.
And it's not even a joke.
Brothers in the church, don't be softies.
Don't be afraid boys.
Don't be non-progressive boys.
Don't be boys without conviction.
Don't be spaghetti boys.
Be men of steel.
Men of conviction.
Men of strength.
Men of spiritual substance.
Men who can rise up and do things for God.
Without being afraid.
men who can make sacrifices.
You don't want to sacrifice for God, but you're sacrificing for other things.
You're sacrificing for other things.
It's written in the first Corinthians, 1020.
They sacrifice to devils.
You think, you know, you think you are neutral, you're not neutral.
You have all your sacrifices for other things.
But I say that the things with the gentle sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils and not to God.
Everybody, everybody, everybody is sacrificing something.
You are sacrificing God for something else.
God is saying, if you love me, obey my commandment.
I said, this is my commandment.
Go ye therefore.
If you love me therefore, go ye.
It's a commission to go.
Then the next one.
It's a commission, the great commission.
It's a commission to teach.
To commission to teach.
When you go, you teach.
You can't be here and be teaching my church members and saying that
You have to feel it again.
You are teaching my church.
You are teaching my church members.
Teaching my church members.
Who asked for me?
My calling.
My calling is to help Bishop.
And Bishop's calling is to send you out.
So if you are helping my calling, help me by going.
You have to go to a specific island.
Not for your honeymoon.
For souls to be saved.
When you go on your honeymoon, you have to see souls.
You have to say, hey, there are souls here.
There are souls here.
You have to rather send a message back that you are not coming back.
You are not coming back.
You've seen souls.
to teach.
That's church planting.
Teaching is church planting.
Teaching, that's church planting.
Church planting is part of the Great Commission.
Without a church, the Great Commission can't be fulfilled.
Because when they are saved, you have to teach them.
You have to sit them down regularly, regularly, and teach them, teach them, teach them, teach them from the Bible.
Teach them what the Bible says.
teach them the basics of the faith.
Train them.
Teaching.
There's a commission to teach.
May it be anointed to teach.
Yes.
But anointed will come when you have gone.
When you are here, you are under some of this anointed.
Even if you are anointed, we can't tell very well whether you are anointed or not.
You have to go.
Yes.
When Rutendo said he didn't know that he was anointed or not, he didn't know.
He was here.
He was here cheering his beloved and his wife up the bridge.
Yes.
Now he got these people.
He sends me pictures.
He has camps.
Yes.
Teachers at camps.
Send me pictures at camps.
and messages and be asking me that, hey, it's not easy to do a camp.
And I'll say, yes, it's never been easy.
Nothing has ever been easy.
That's camps.
He didn't know that he has nothing to do camps if he was sitting in Northampton.
It's the going.
It's the going and being serious about going.
being serious about what you are doing.
To teach.
So if you are here, you are clamoring to teach.
You say you want a chance to teach.
You should give you a chance to teach.
To do something.
You want to teach.
Who do you want to teach?
They don't like it.
They don't respect you.
They are not giving you a post.
So you are getting angry, so you're still sitting in front.
You move yourself to the back as a protest.
It's like you're protesting.
Yeah, that's how childish people behave.
When people are babies in their faith, there's a lot of protests by where they sit.
The movie, you see someone who sits there and says, the person sitting at the back is like...
It's like, now I'm not happy.
I'm not happy.
That's why I'm in the back.
Not because you're not giving people to teach.
Do you see them off their back?
I went to a church once.
I was preaching.
They don't get to me that.
Where is their pastor's wife?
So I said, so I just, I just asked, where's your wife?
And then he said, he said, I don't understand.
Where is he?
And the church members started shouting, hey, she's here, she's in the back.
She said, oh, has she just given birth and maybe she's in the back with the baby?
She said, oh no, she's not giving birth.
The last time I heard she's giving birth was the last time.
The baby, the children had half teeth.
So I looked at the situation and I understood.
She's had a misunderstanding with her husband.
So she wants to show that I'm not happy.
Even though the church members don't understand, but she thinks that they understand too.
It's like, when I'm not happy, when I'm happy, I'm sitting in front.
I sit at the back.
So I said, hey, rude girl, come on.
To the front.
Come to the front.
Come and sit here.
And I told the whole church.
I told the whole church.
I said, next time you see her at the back, it means she has quarreled with your pastor.
She's protesting and fighting him.
That's why she's at the back.
Root girl.
Root bush girl.
Villager.
I said, next time, I said, as all of you, I said, don't you see that sometimes she's at the back?
They say, yeah.
But they thought it was a star.
Pastor's wife sits at the back sometimes, sometimes at the front, sometimes at the back, sometimes at the front.
It's just a style.
I said, no, no, no, no, no, no.
When there's a quarrel and she's not happy with your pastor, who happens to be her husband, then she sits at the back and makes faces at him.
Yes.
Whenever he's laughing, she just be there.
It's like they don't know.
They don't know who you are.
If only they knew who you are.
They should come and see you in the house.
Let's lift up our two hands.
Passage wives fighting their husbands before, you see?
You have seen it, but you didn't understand it.
Yes.
You have seen it, but you didn't understand what was happening.
You didn't understand what that bush girl was doing.
Because of her makeup.
So you thought all passage wives are sweet.
That's what she said.
That's what she said to the back.
To the back.
Your child is in the front writing note.
Because she's not happy.
Look, let's finish.
It's almost 2020, do you know that?
Not yet, not yet.
Number four, we've only reached number four.
Why?
What have you been doing?
Number four, the great commission
it's a commission to baptize.
As souls are being saved, you should be baptizing them.
Baptizing them in water and baptizing them in the Holy Spirit.
In the Holy Spirit.
How many of you have never laid hands on someone to receive to receive the Holy Spirit with the evidence of speaking in tongues?
You've never done it before since you were born.
You've all done it before.
I say you have never laid hands on someone pray for you to receive the Holy Spirit.
You've never done it before.
You will do it.
It's your commission.
You have to do it.
It's something that you must experience.
If you're in first love church, if you're in first love church, you must become a Baptist, a Baptist, a Baptist.
Ask the person next to you that what's your name?
What's your name?
If you're called Yolanda, say, say, hi, Yolanda the Baptist.
the Baptist to their name.
Are you chatting or you are saying it?
I said, if the person is called Yolanda, tell the person, hi, Yolanda, the Baptist.
Yes, after that, there's nothing more to say.
You must aim every week that you must have someone that you are baptizing the Holy Spirit.
Every week.
I was a student in the university.
We had a place called the Bamboos.
The Bamboos and then we had a stadium called Padjo Stadium.
I used to take people there all the time for Holy Ghost baptism.
I used to enjoy so much that I used to slap the hair, say, receive.
Receive.
I enjoy slapping hair.
I'll say, hey, receive.
Receive.
When I tap the receipt, there you see them.
Come on, come on, come on.
You be there.
that should be no friend of yours who doesn't speak in tongues.
Is of asking them, do you have a beloved?
Ask them, do you speak in tongues?
When they say, when they say no, then you ask them, will you like to speak in tongues?
And then you give them three verses that leads to speaking in tongues.
And say, buy your head with me and lift up your two hands.
That today you will speak in tongues.
number five.
Look, the church, you see, the more people that speak in tongues, the stronger the churches.
It means that it means that the people are filled with the Holy Spirit.
Speaking in tongues.
Don't you want to speak in tongues?
Don't you want your friends to speak in
What will you ask?
Do you speak in tongues?
Yes.
And if they say, no, what will you say?
Will you like to speak in tongues?
The next is three verses.
Three verses.
Then afterwards, by your head, lift up your two hands.
They say, that is it.
That is it.
Speak it.
Don't stop.
Let it out.
That is it.
Speak in tongues.
It's happening.
It's flowing.
Rivers.
Number five.
The Great Commission is a commission to all nations.
It's not a commission to some nations.
It's a commission to all nations.
all nations, everywhere.
Everywhere.
There are souls everywhere.
Small nations, big nations.
Nations you've heard about, nations you've never heard about.
Nations who speak your language and nations that don't speak your language.
How many people if speak English even in Europe?
Hmm.
Number six, a great commission is a commission of its presence.
I am with you always.
His presence.
When somebody is with you, it means his power is with you.
It means his authority is with you.
It means all his attributes are present with you.
He will be with you.
His presence shall be with you.
And then number seven, the great commission is a commission until the end of the world.
We have to pray that the prophet will not stop sending us to the end of the world.
He will not stop sending us.
He will keep sending us.
He will keep preaching this type of message.
He will not change it.
He will not change to preaching that we should be successful bankers and successful businessmen.
These people should know you as a great commissioner before they even ask what's your profession.
Your activity in the ministry must overshadow
your profession and your qualification, it must overshadow it.
You should be known as a preacher.
A missionary.
A minister of the gospel.
Before they ask, wait, what did you study?
I mean, what?
When we are preaching, we can tell that you have a bit of latitude.
You seem to understand.
If so, what's your background?
What's your background?
Say, oh, my background is speaking in tongues every morning.
2020, the year of the great commission.
In case you've misunderstood the church you are in.
This is the church you are in.
It's the first night.
Different things are being proclaimed.
They say, what we are proclaiming, this is our year for the great commission.
Great commission.
More of you should go.
Oh, I'm telling you, I pray for you.
I pray for you.
That may God touch your heart and release you like a missile.
release you like a missile.
May you be baptized in power, in zeal, in convictions to preach the gospel.
To preach the gospel.
May you become relentless in the preaching of the gospel.
Relentless.
Never looking back.
You have to look at your friends and wave at them and say, Charlie, I'm off.
I'm off.
If you have the church already, you have to look at the
You be blessed.
Stand to your feet and thank God for today.
Thank God for today.
Thank Him.
Thank God.
Thank Him for this evening's message.
Thank Him.
Thank Him for this theme.
And pray for yourself.
So this is the year.
This is the year that you left.
This is the year that you went.
This is the year that you made the move.
This is your year.
This, this coming year.
2020 shall be your year where you will pack your bags and say, I am going to fulfill the great commission.
I am going to preach the gospel.
Pray for yourself.
Pray.
Thank him.
prayer.
No movements but prayer.
Everybody praying.
Everybody.
No work, no movement, no organization.
Just prayer.
It's prayer time.
Pray.
Pray for yourself.
In preparation for 2020.
pray for yourself in preparation for this great year with this great theme.
The lord choose me and use me.
Choose me and use me.
Thank you lord for causing me to hear such a message.
Yes, pray.
Pray to him.
Yes.
We are preparing ourselves as we enter into 2020.
We are preparing and praying.
Make a way for us make a way for us make a way for us
the great commission we want to fulfill the great commission it's a cry as we enter into the new year the Lord include us include us in this mission send us let your messes let your messes let your messes be seen in our lives that we will fulfill the great commission yes
Yes Lord.
One prayer, one cry.
Choose us and use us Lord.
Make a way for us Lord.
Guide us Lord.
Lead us, Lord.
Into your way.
Into fields.
Into fields of harvest.
Lead us, Lord.
Guide us, Lord.
Yes, Lord.
Shaddimah Shaddimah Shaddimah Shabbon Abbandimah kapat asah Paradamah kapayah Paradamah kapat asah Kato sakhayah Kato sakhayah
This great commission.
Choose us and use us.
My God.
Entire into your calling.
Entire into the will of God.
Entire into what makes you attractive to God.
Entire into it.
I don't know what to say I don't know what to say I don't know what to say I don't know what to say I don't know what to say I don't know what to say I don't know what to say I don't know what to say
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You can't do this to me You can't do this to me You can't do this to me You can't do this to me
We are the Muslims, we are the Muslims, we are the Muslims, we are the Muslims, we are the Muslims, we are the Muslims, we are the Muslims, we are the Muslims, we are the Muslims, we are the Muslims, we are the Muslims, we are the Muslims, we are the Muslims, we are the Muslims,
You get a chance to fulfill this great commission
that you get a chance, that you have the chance to fulfill it, to work in it, to be known, to be known, to be known as a great commisioner.
We love you.
Hey Lord, message the Lord.
Message to save you Lord.
Message to work for you Lord.
Oh God!
My God!
Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael
Oh, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God.
You have just about five more minutes to pray to enter into the new year.
I want you to make this prayer.
Listen to what the scripture says.
It says that because he has set his love upon me.
How many of you love the Lord?
You know what it means to love the Lord now, isn't it?
You still love him.
How many of you still love him?
After what you've said, you still love him.
Yes.
He said because he has set his love upon me.
will I deliver him?
We're going to pray that Lord 2020 deliver us from every evil.
Amen.
Deliver us from disappointments.
Deliver us from shame.
Amen.
Then secondly, you have five minutes to make all this prayer.
Secondly, he says that I will set him on high because he has known my name.
Say, Lord, in 2020, please set me on high.
Let my promotion
let my relevance and my significance come in the year 2020 because I have set my love upon you.
Then he says that he shall call upon me and I will answer him.
I will be with him in trouble.
I will deliver him and honor him.
With long life will I satisfy him and show him my salvation.
You want to say
Please, when I call upon you in 2020, may I hear from you.
May I hear from you.
Because I've set my love upon you.
And then, Lord, when I am in trouble, please be with me.
Amen.
Please be there.
You have a sister's testimony.
You can say, as she was in trouble, the Lord was with her.
May the Lord be with you in times of trouble.
Amen.
And they say, I will deliver him and anahem.
In 2020, may you see the honor of the Lord.
Amen.
And the deliverance of the Lord.
They said, with long life, will I satisfy him?
May you be satisfied with long life.
Amen.
May there be no shadow of death around you.
May there be no signs of death around you.
Amen.
May you not be diagnosed with any sickness that suggests that you are about to die.
long life.
Will I satisfy him?
To fulfill the great commission.
Then he says, I will show him my salvation.
This shall be a story.
Lift up your two hands and begin to pray.
Pray.
Call on him.
Just a few moments to enter the new year.
Just a few moments.
Pray.
five minutes pray that you will see these declarations.
You will see them.
You will experience them in your life.
Pray.
Call on him.
He will answer.
He will deliver.
He will set you on high.
He will answer.
He will
He will honor you.
He will satisfy you with long life and salvation.
Call on him.
Mercy Lord.
Four more minutes to go.
Be praying to him.
you.
He will deliver you.
He will set you on high.
He will promote you.
It will happen.
He will deliver you practically.
Yes Lord, Yes Lord
work with us over work with us over
We need you Lord!
Yes Lord!
Two more minutes to go!
Lord!
Let us see your glory.
Let us see your hand.
Let us see your mercy.
Let us see your help.
One more minute to go.
Call on him.
Lift up your two hands.
And call for mercy.
Call for mercy.
As we enter 2020.
Maka-Pasasaya Maka-Pasasaya Maka-Pasasaya Maka-Pasasaya Maka-Pasasaya Maka-Pasasaya Maka-Pasasaya Maka-Pasasaya Maka-Pasasaya Maka-Pasasaya Maka-Pasasaya
Keep it, keep it.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you.
Yes, Lord.
Lift up your two hands and just thank God as we sing this song.
In worship and in thanks to Him.
Yes, Lord.
Just be thanking Him.
Be thanking Him.
Yes, you are.
Thank Him, you are in 2020.
You are standing in 2020.
You are living in 2020.
The year of the Great Commission.
Thank Him.
Thank Him for such a great place.
For such a great honor.
A great blessing to be here.
Yes, you are a shield about us Lord.
Yes.
Yes, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Oh, God.
Yes, our Lord.
Oh, Lord.
Yes.
a shield about us.
He is our glory.
Yes, that's who he is.
He shall lift up your head in 2020.
You shall work in anger.
You shall work in dignity.
You shall work in
From every evil, from every fly, from every insect, from every dragon You shall receive divine protection It shall be your portion in this new year
year.
It shall be a good year.
It shall be a favorable year.
It shall be a year of ancestors to our prayers.
A year of your salvation.
A year of your honor lord.
Thank you that no devil, no demon in the year 2019 has crossed over with us into the year 2020.
a setback in the year 2019 has been abolished from your life.
In Jesus name.
This is a new you and this is a new year.
Every disease, every sickness, every addiction, every trouble, every struggle that held on to you in the year 2019
you will not see it in the year 2020.
In Jesus name.
Receive it.
God shall be the lifter of your head.
You shall work in honor.
You shall work in grace.
You shall work in his blessings.
He will honor you.
God bless you.
Amen.
He will keep you.
He will make a way for you to serve him this year.
Amen.
This year you will serve Jesus.
This year you will work for God.
Amen.
In Jesus name.
Thank you father for that mighty blessing and
We bless you.
Now I want to pray for you.
While every ice closed and everybody's barbed, we're still in prayer.
I want to pray for you.
Somebody invited you to church.
Somebody dragged you here, or you've been going to church, but deep in your heart, you know you're far from God.
You don't have a real relationship with them.
This morning, first day of the year 2020,
You want to come back to Jesus.
You want to come to Jesus.
You want to say, Pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus.
I am a sinner.
I've made many mistakes.
I've made many, many terrible mistakes.
I want my sins to be forgiven.
I want to start their new year fresh, afresh with God.
Pastor, please pray with me.
I need Jesus in my heart.
While every eye is closed and every head is bowed, if you're here like that, you don't say, Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus in my life.
I want to start afresh with Jesus.
Pastor, please pray with me.
If you're here like that, just lift up your right hand wherever you are and I'll pray with you.
God bless you.
I can see your hands all over the place.
I need, I need Jesus in my life.
I need Jesus in my heart.
I need
to be serious with Jesus this year.
Just your right hand.
And I pray with you.
If you have your hand lifted up, I want you to come all the way to the front.
Come to me.
If you haven't lifted up your hands, step back a bit.
Those of you who have lifted up your hand, come.
Come.
Even if you didn't lift up your hand, but you want to come to Jesus, come very quick.
Come very quick.
Maybe you didn't even lift up your hands.
But you want to come to Jesus today.
Come.
Come and I'll pray with you.
Come from the back.
Come from the sides.
Come from wherever you are.
Come.
Come to Jesus.
Come to Jesus today.
Come with your problems.
Come with your burdens.
Come with your difficulties.
Come with your struggles.
He likes you.
He likes you just as you are.
Come.
Come with your problems.
With your struggles.
With your sins.
With your difficulties.
Come to him.
you have a problem.
He likes you because you have a difficulty.
He will forgive you.
He will wash you.
Come to Jesus today.
Come.
Come to Jesus.
Jesus is calling you.
Come out of your
The rest.
Because of you.
We are singing one more time.
God loves you that much.
Come to him.
Come.
His word today to you is come.
His word for you is come.
Just come.
Come as you are.
Come.
God bless you.
close your eyes if you are in the front and everywhere and say this very important prayer say this prayer after me and everybody in this room please join us as we say this prayer say it out loudly boldly it's a very very very if you will not have any better prayer to pray than this prayer you're about to make
This is the best prayer you would ever make in your lifetime.
To be serious with it.
Say it seriously, meaningfully.
Say it with me.
Say Heavenly Father.
Heavenly Father.
I can't hear you.
Say Heavenly Father.
Heavenly Father.
Thank you for today.
I am a very bad person.
Please have mercy on me.
Please forgive me.
of all my sins.
Of all my mistakes.
I believe in Jesus.
I believe Jesus is alive.
Lord Jesus.
Please come into my heart.
Please come into my life.
Be the Lord of my life.
I believe you died for me.
And you rose up on the third day.
Lord Jesus.
I surrender to you.
I surrender my life to you.
I surrender my lifestyle to you.
Take over my life.
From today.
I will serve you.
I will obey you.
I will listen to you.
I will no longer serve Satan.
I will no longer obey Satan.
I belong to Jesus.
Now say
in the book of life.
In the book of life.
I say thank you father.
Thank you father.
For accepting me.
And making me a child of yours.
Making me a child of yours.
In Jesus name.
Shower one out in Jesus name.
Amen.
Father now pray for all these ones Lord.
Let them see your glory.
Let them taste of your mercy.
Walk with them throughout this year and the years to come and throughout your life Lord.
Let them know you.
Let them understand you Lord.
Let them be filled with the Holy Spirit Lord.
May the Holy Spirit be their teacher.
Take over Lord.
May they be planted in your house Lord to serve you and to live for you.
I curse every work of darkness.
Amen.
And I curse every agent of Satan sent to them.
To backslide.
Amen.
And to take them away from you.
May that thing and that person and that entity be cursed today, Lord.
Amen.
May they be weak in their lives, Lord.
In Jesus' name, O God.
Amen.
may none, may none that have come forward today to give their lives to you fall back into the world.
May they live for you.
Amen.
May they serve you.
For the rest of their lives.
Amen.
In Jesus' name.
God bless you.
Please receive these gifts.
We have some books for you.
You can't give from behind people.
You have to be in front of them to give it, please.
Have it.
It's yours.
It's yours for keeps.
Read it, study it.
Read it till you can preach it.
How you can become a strong Christian.
What's your name?
Esther.
Esther the Baptist.
Yes.
You'll be teaching people how to become a strong Christian.
How to become a strong Christian.
Are you twins?
You are twins.
Come.
Yes.
These are beautiful twins that Jesus has saved today.
Oh, no, stand by me.
Stand.
Stand close to me.
What's your name?
Elson.
Elson the Baptist.
And you are Elton.
Elson and Elton.
Elton the Baptist.
When they make beautiful pastors and beautiful preachers, leading many to Jesus, spread forth your hands, tower them that God will use them mightily.
Pray for them.
Pray for God's mercy.
Pray for God's help.
Help them, Lord.
Yes, Lord.
Satan announced to you, it is over.
Your time in their lives is over.
By the name of Jesus.
By the message of Jesus.
Thank you Lord for salvation.
In Jesus name.
Amen.
Be serious with God.
And be strong with God.
Your life, your life will be totally different.
Next time we meet you, you say, we'll not even recognize you.
You'll be telling us that this is elsewhere and this is elsewhere.
Are you sure?
I wish your 2020 Elton and Elton.
But God has begun a good work in your life.
You will never be the same again.
You will become strong Christians.
So read it.
How you can become a strong Christian and become strong Christian.
I want you to come one day come and introduce souls you have converted to Jesus.
These are your converts.
You have prayed for them and now they speak in tongues.
So God bless you.
back.
So, guys, you can all go back to your seats.
Welcome to Jesus.
God bless you.
You want to clap for them as they go back?
Clap for them.
Yes.
Back to base.
Is that your clap?
Your clap is as if you are jealous.
It's time for communion.
Are we receiving communion today?
Communion?
Sure, communion it is.
If you are young, stand to your feet as we.
The Lord, my God,
He is mighty.
So mighty.
The Lord thy God.
In the midst of thee.
He is mighty.
It's gonna be mighty in 2020.
You experience a mighty God.
Come on, girl.
Let's work it.
Yes, Lord.
He's mighty.
of light.
Amen.
A tree of wisdom.
Let this seed grow in our lives, O God.
Throughout 2020, may we live by the might, the strength and the light of our savior Jesus, O God.
Amen.
May it no longer be our strength.
May it no longer be our wisdom.
May it be the wisdom of Jesus.
That we shall live by.
That we shall walk by.
May it no longer be our power.
May it be the power that weketh in the name of Jesus, Lord.
That shall be at work in us, Lord.
I bless every bread.
And I bless every cup.
And I declare, this is the body of Christ.
And this is the blood of Jesus.
Father, as we eat it and as we drink it, in remembrance of our savior and the sacrifice he made for us, may all the works and all the things that he achieved for us on that cross of Calvary be made manifest in our lives, Lord.
Thank you for your
Jesus name.
Amen.
The Bible says in that day he took the bread the night which was betrayed and broke it and said, this is my body which is broken for you.
Take it and eat it.
The body of Christ.
Eat it.
God share.
More body.
Take some and share.
Pastors who want somebody, take and share.
May everything that you are dreaming about, may the blood of Jesus answer for you.
Amen.
May the blood of Jesus make a way for you.
May your dreams not evaporate.
May your dreams not vanish.
May you never say that I wished I desired to do this to become this.
May the blood of Jesus open doors for you.
May you be favored where you have been hated.
May you be loved where you have been despised.
May you be promoted where you have experienced the motion.
May you succeed where you have failed.
Make strength supernatural strength.
Enter your body today.
Enter your soul today.
Enter your spirit today.
The blood of Jesus.
Drink it.
by your head and thank God.
Thank him.
Thank him for this mighty seed.
Everlasting seed.
This river that shall never dry.
This tree that shall never be cut cannot be cut.
These leaves that shall never wither.
That shall grow in your life.
Increase in your life.
Be part of your life.
This mighty tree.
By the blood.
You shall escape.
You shall overcome.
You shall win.
You shall become strong.
By the blood.
in Jesus name.
Amen.
Take your seats.
Wow.
Have you wished somebody happy new year?
Okay.
You stay in your seat.
Don't move.
Just the person to your left and to your right.
Just say happy new year.
Don't be, don't be a standing happy new year too.
Wow.
Happy new year, happy new year.
Happy new year.
Happy new year all of you.
Is it, don't say wish me happy new year.
Don't say, they're busy with themselves.
Yes.
So I think I should stay here, isn't it?
I feel the love.
Happy New Year all of you.
May 2020 be a blessing to you.
May you always remember 2020 with joy and with laughter.
Wow.
Sit down.
Did you bring your bottles of oil?
to anoint yourself for this new year.
No insect shall settle on your life.
No demon shall follow you.
No shadows of wickedness shall be your portion.
Thank you.
Take out your bottles of oil.
If you don't have one, don't worry.
Your friend will share with you.
It's just a drop.
Just make market feeling out.
I really don't like market.
What are you going?
What's happening?
What's the problem?
Ashas, don't let me think for you, okay?
I'm saying that if you don't have a bottle of oil, the person next to you should share with you all you need is just a little bit on your hands and then to your forehead.
Don't, are you listening to me?
Listen to me first, listen to me first before you do anything, okay?
Try very hard to always remember not to behave like we're in a market, okay?
Always remember.
Do I have your attention?
Yes.
What was I saying?
Just a little bit on your forehead.
Make sure that none drips into the carpet.
So that's what I said, don't pour it into your hands.
Don't be greedy and think that the more I have, the more power.
No.
So hold it, your hand tight on the lead.
Just like that.
And then your forehead.
Power has come on you.
Yes.
So make sure that you obey what I'm saying and do what I'm saying.
And don't do anything yet.
When I finish praying, I'll tell you what to do.
Don't do anything.
Because anything you do will disturb me.
Opening of bottles, whispering, chatting.
It disturbs.
It disturbs, it's very disturbing.
It's also annoying.
So, still, are you still?
Are you calm?
Are you relaxed?
Are you happy?
Yes.
But those who were coming, what was it?
Where were they going?
No, maybe there's something I don't know so I can do for you.
You go do for you.
Okay.
Let us pray.
Father, thank you.
use this bottle as a point of reference to every oil here Lord.
Every bottle gathered here Lord.
Father, may it turn into fire.
May it turn into power.
May it turn into a shield.
May it turn into a light.
May it turn into strength.
May it become healing unto us Lord.
In days of sicknesses, Lord, may bring healing.
In days of confusion, may bring sanity.
In moments of panic, may bring calmness, Lord.
In times of depression, may bring hope to your people, Lord God.
By this oil, let many be saved from evil.
Let many be saved from wickedness, Lord.
Let let many receive understanding and wisdom.
Oh, God.
By this oil.
I pray, Father.
Let there be favor.
Amen.
And they are going for interviews.
When they are going for any form of meetings with any
may bring attraction.
Amen.
May they be chosen.
May they be selected.
Amen.
And Lord, every demon and every devil that is trying to locate, to settle on them, to live with them, to stay with them, let this
Let it drive away insects.
Spiritual insects.
Spiritual flies.
Spiritual entities.
Invisible enemies.
Frogs.
Toads.
Snakes.
Seponds.
Anything that has wrapped itself around them Lord.
Let that yoke be broken by the anointed Lord.
by the anointing, let the yoke be broken.
Father, may it become power in their hands, Lord.
Fire in their hands, Lord.
Power in their hands, O God.
May they receive favor.
May they receive help.
Supernatural help.
Divine help, Lord.
Let it come upon your people.
Let it come upon you people.
May this oil cast away laziness and give unto them the spirit of the diligent strength to prepare strength to study strength to learn and grace to understand Lord.
Let this bottle of oil be a bottle of power.
Let it be power.
Let it break down barriers.
Let it scatter the enemy lord.
Yay my god.
Every resident devil shall be dismissed and displaced.
Every resident spirit that harasses your people by day and by night shall be dismissed lord.
in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen.
Let it be a blessing.
Let it be a blessing and not a curse.
Amen.
Let it be a blessing.
Thank you, Father.
A blessed every bottle, blessed every oil, and I declare, Lord, according to the praise and according to the Holy Spirit, it shall be an anointing oil.
Amen.
your power and your presence.
In Jesus' name.
Sickness shall disappear from your body.
Thank you Father.
In Jesus' name.
Now open your bottles.
And you open your bottles.
You know what to do?
Tie it.
Just a little bit and apply it on your forehead.
Or anywhere you want to apply it, you are anointed.
You are anointed for the year 2020.
You are blessed for the year 2020.
It will be well with you.
You'll be successful.
You will not fail.
You will not be defeated.
You will not.
will be held captive.
Amen.
You'll be favored.
Greatly favored.
Amen.
You'll be helped.
You will be healed.
Amen.
You'll be set free.
Devils cannot settle on you.
Amen.
Devils cannot follow you.
It shall be well with you.
Amen.
It's your year of blessing.
It's a day you are blessed.
be blessed.
Amen.
Be anointed.
And be blessed.
Amen.
May God give you grace and strength.
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
God bless you.
Take your seats.
What an incredible service we have just had here in First Love Church London.
Happy New Year everybody watching.
Welcome to 2020.
It's beautiful.
It's exciting.
It's so amazing and we're so happy to be here.
God has truly blessed us as He's been faithful and ushered us into this new year and into this new decade.
Today's service has been incredible.
It's been exhilarating from start to finish.
It's been
We've all really, really, really been blessed and everything has been beautiful from the lovely moments of praise and worship to the exhilarating and exciting moments of dancing and praise and of course those
intimate moments of prayer with the Lord as we entered and crossed over into the new year.
The preaching of the Word of God was powerful, it was quick, it was sharp, it taught us, it gave us wisdom and it was a timely message that we all needed to hear in preparation to this new year ahead of us.
I'm sure you've all been blessed and if you want to listen to this message again, you can do so by heading over to the First Love Church London Facebook page where you can relive this entire service once again from
to finish.
Also head on over to the podcast app where you can subscribe to First Love Church London and listen to all messages preached by our pastor
Bishop Richard, i.e.
it's been amazing, it's been fantastic.
All too soon we have come to an end, but we'll be back on Sunday for another powerful service, the first Sunday of the year for our Covenant Sunday service.
So join us at 1.30pm at the Kia Oval for what promises to be a beautiful start to the new year in the house of God.
I'm so excited to see you there.
Come along with a friend or a family member, start the year right and join this beautiful family.
Have a blessed
evening.
We hope that you've been blessed by this message.
For more information follow us on social media.
Search for First Love Church London on Facebook and YouTube and First Love UK on Twitter and Instagram.
Have a blessed week.